README.md, before:

# Some fun Projects with Ryze Tello 

Goal is to learn ROS, practice sensor fusion, comms and implement Computer vision.
End Product should be a Docker Img, packages:

## Tello-IMU control:
- MPU 6050
- Arduino Uno
- Ubuntu w Tellopy

## Tello CV:
- Open-pose for pose recognition
- Tello control based on pose recognition

## Tello SLAM:
- Visual Inertial SLAM using ROS and Tello

## Dependencies:
- Arduino
    i2cdevlib
- Python
    -see requirements.txt
    -

## hardware:
- MPU6050
- Arduino compatible microcontrollers. (Tested on Uno)
- DJI/Ryze Tello
## TODO for Tello Projects

### Project packaging ~ 6 hrs
- setup environment
- setup CI/CD
- <strike>setup git(hub)</strike>
- prep requirements file, environment file
- package into docker image?
- documentation

### General Comms ~ 2 hrs
- <strike> establish UDP connection to tello </strike>
- <strike>send key commands via UDP</strike>
    - <strike>perform two way comms using tellopy</strike>
- stream video over connection
    - <strike>figure out how to access video stream with tellopy</strike>
    - HUD
        - <strike>figure out how to access state info with tellopy </strike>
        - <strike>overlay on video (cv2.putText())</strike>
    - <strike>display video on browser using opencv + Flask </strike>
    - get it to work over docker

### Utils
- Need a simple P-control 
- 
### CV based Control ~ 10 hrs
- establish a CV pipeline
    - get img/vid stream -> run model inference -> visualise output + return command
    - move to more complicated CV

### Visual + Inertial SLAM ~ 25 hrs
- establish a SLAM pipeline
    - get img/vid stream + IMU state -> run SLAM algo -> visualize 
    - move to more complicated SLAM
    - integrate with ROS - learn ROS and related stuff

### Web-App ~ 5 hrs
- Implement features in browser?
    - video stream
    - CV inference
    - gesture vis

### Mobile App ~ 20 hrs
- Implement features as add-on to Tello App?
    - Combine IMU based + CV based control + VI SLAM   

### Hack
- Try and get access to internals of Tello?
- Get access to low-level controller?

Commit message:

Updated dockerfile to work with serial. added docker build and run automation scripts

README.md, after:

# Some fun Projects with Ryze Tello 

Goal is to learn ROS, practice sensor fusion, comms and implement Computer vision.
End Product should be a Docker Img, packages:

## Tello-IMU control:
- MPU 6050
- Arduino Uno
- Ubuntu w Tellopy

## Tello CV:
- Open-pose for pose recognition
- Tello control based on pose recognition

## Tello SLAM:
- Visual Inertial SLAM using ROS and Tello

## Dependencies:
- Arduino
    i2cdevlib
- Python
    -see requirements.txt
    -

## hardware:
- MPU6050
- Arduino compatible microcontrollers. (Tested on Uno)
- DJI/Ryze Tello
## TODO for Tello Projects

### Project packaging ~ 6 hrs
- setup environment
- setup CI/CD
- <strike>setup git(hub)</strike>
- prep requirements file, environment file
- package into docker image?
- documentation

### General Comms ~ 2 hrs
- <strike> establish UDP connection to tello </strike>
- <strike>send key commands via UDP</strike>
    - <strike>perform two way comms using tellopy</strike>
- stream video over connection
    - <strike>figure out how to access video stream with tellopy</strike>
    - HUD
        - <strike>figure out how to access state info with tellopy </strike>
        - <strike>overlay on video (cv2.putText())</strike>
    - <strike>display video on browser using opencv + Flask </strike>
    - get it to work over docker

### Utils
- <strike>Need a simple on-off control for imu</strike>
- 

### CV based Control ~ 10 hrs
- establish a CV pipeline
    - get img/vid stream -> run model inference -> visualise output + return command
    - move to more complicated CV

### Visual + Inertial SLAM ~ 25 hrs
- establish a SLAM pipeline
    - get img/vid stream + IMU state -> run SLAM algo -> visualize 
    - move to more complicated SLAM
    - integrate with ROS - learn ROS and related stuff

### Web-App ~ 5 hrs
- Implement features in browser?
    - video stream
    - CV inference
    - gesture vis

### Mobile App ~ 20 hrs
- Implement features as add-on to Tello App?
    - Combine IMU based + CV based control + VI SLAM   

### Hack
- Try and get access to internals of Tello?
- Get access to low-level controller?


Accessing serial on container:

Create the following file 
```
sudo nano /etc/udev/rules.d/99-serial.rules
```
Add the following line:
```
KERNEL=="ttyUSB[0-9]*",MODE="0666"
```
Save and exit
